Support re-exporting astro components containing client components (#3625)
withastro/astro: .changeset/unlucky-hairs-camp.md

---
'@astrojs/lit': minor
---

> Allows using the Constructor for rendering components

Reviewer: Is this the breaking change from supporting `<my-element>` to only supporting `<MyElement>`? I'd make sure to call this change out much more explicitly.

Reviewer: Update: looks like it is. This definitely deserves a thorough explanation!

Author: There is that breaking change in this PR, yes. But this specific change enables using the Constructor for LitElements. This was originally supported when I first created the renderer but must have been accidentally broken at some later time.

Fair enough, will add that to this changeset.

Author: Updated this to clarify what is going on and what was deprecated.

---
'@astrojs/lit': minor
---

Conform to Constructor based rendering

This changes `@astrojs/lit` to conform to the way rendering happens in all other frameworks. Instead of using the tag name `<my-element client:load>` you use the imported constructor function, `<MyElement client:load>` like you would do with any other framework.

> Removing the tagName had to be removed due to the fact that it was a run-time feature. To improve build performance we have removed all run-time based component discovery. Using the imported Constructor name allows Astro to know what components need to be built and bundled for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for `tag-name` syntax had to be removed due to the fact that it was a runtime feature that was not statically analyzable. To improve build performance, we have removed all runtime based component discovery. Using the imported Constructor name allows Astro to discover what components need to be built and bundled for production without ever running your file.
```
